# MANUALLY COMPILED LIST
alicdn.com
intercomcdn.com
ytimg.com
akadns.net
akam.net
akamai.com
akamai.net
akamaiedge.net
akamaihd.net
akamaistream.net
akamaitech.net
akamaitechnologies.com
akamaitechnologies.fr
akamaized.net
edgekey.net
edgesuite.net
srip.net
cloudflare.com
cloudfront.net
compute-1.amazonaws.com
ssl-images-amazon.com
amazonaws.com
amazonaws.com.cn
1e100.net
1e100cdn.net
gscdn.com
linode.com
members.linode.com
hosted-by-100tb.com
setaptr.net
static.midphase.com
midphase.com
static.westdc.net
westdc.net
brightcove.com
edgecastcdn.net
hiberniacdn.com
azurewebsites.net
bootstrapcdn.com
appspot.com
aliyuncs.com
brightcove.net
dropbox.com
dropboxusercontent.com
github.io
github.com
vudu.com
go2cloud.org
rackcdn.com
salesforce.com
siteforce.com
gstatic.com
staticflickr.com
# FROM WPO WebPagetest
# https://github.com/WPO-Foundation/webpagetest/blob/master/agent/wpthook/cdn.h
akamai.net,Akamai
akamaized.net,Akamai
akamaiedge.net,Akamai
akamaihd.net,Akamai
edgesuite.net,Akamai
edgekey.net,Akamai
srip.net,Akamai
akamaitechnologies.com,Akamai
akamaitechnologies.fr,Akamai
tl88.net,Akamai China CDN
llnwd.net,Limelight
edgecastcdn.net,Edgecast
systemcdn.net,Edgecast
transactcdn.net,Edgecast
v1cdn.net,Edgecast
v2cdn.net,Edgecast
v3cdn.net,Edgecast
v4cdn.net,Edgecast
v5cdn.net,Edgecast
hwcdn.net,Highwinds
simplecdn.net,Simple CDN
instacontent.net,Mirror Image
footprint.net,Level 3
fpbns.net,Level 3
ay1.b.yahoo.com,Yahoo
yimg.,Yahoo
yahooapis.com,Yahoo
google.,Google
googlesyndication.,Google
youtube.,Google
googleusercontent.com,Google
bc.googleusercontent.com,Google
googlehosted.com,Google
gstatic.com,Google
doubleclick.net,Google
insnw.net,Instart Logic
inscname.net,Instart Logic
internapcdn.net,Internap
cloudfront.net,Amazon CloudFront
netdna-cdn.com,NetDNA
netdna-ssl.com,NetDNA
netdna.com,NetDNA
kxcdn.com,KeyCDN
cotcdn.net,Cotendo CDN
cachefly.net,Cachefly
bo.lt,BO.LT
cloudflare.com,Cloudflare
afxcdn.net,afxcdn.net
lxdns.com,ChinaNetCenter
wscdns.com,ChinaNetCenter
wscloudcdn.com,ChinaNetCenter
ourwebpic.com,ChinaNetCenter
att-dsa.net,AT&T
vo.msecnd.net,Microsoft Azure
azureedge.net,Microsoft Azure
voxcdn.net,VoxCDN
bluehatnetwork.com,Blue Hat Network
swiftcdn1.com,SwiftCDN
cdngc.net,CDNetworks
gccdn.net,CDNetworks
panthercdn.com,CDNetworks
fastly.net,Fastly
fastlylb.net,Fastly
nocookie.net,Fastly
gslb.taobao.com,Taobao
gslb.tbcache.com,Alimama
mirror-image.net,Mirror Image
yottaa.net,Yottaa
cubecdn.net,cubeCDN
cdn77.net,CDN77
cdn77.org,CDN77
incapdns.net,Incapsula
bitgravity.com,BitGravity
r.worldcdn.net,OnApp
r.worldssl.net,OnApp
tbcdn.cn,Taobao
taobaocdn.com,Taobao
ngenix.net,NGENIX
pagerain.net,PageRain
ccgslb.com,ChinaCache
cdn.sfr.net,SFR
azioncdn.net,Azion
azioncdn.com,Azion
azion.net,Azion
cdncloud.net.au,MediaCloud
rncdn1.com,Reflected Networks
cdnsun.net,CDNsun
mncdn.com,Medianova
mncdn.net,Medianova
mncdn.org,Medianova
cdn.jsdelivr.net,jsDelivr
nyiftw.net,NYI FTW
nyiftw.com,NYI FTW
resrc.it,ReSRC.it
zenedge.net,Zenedge
lswcdn.net,LeaseWeb CDN
lswcdn.eu,LeaseWeb CDN
revcn.net,Rev Software
revdn.net,Rev Software
caspowa.com,Caspowa
twimg.com,Twitter
facebook.com,Facebook
facebook.net,Facebook
fbcdn.net,Facebook
cdninstagram.com,Facebook
rlcdn.com,Reapleaf
wp.com,WordPress
aads1.net,Aryaka
aads-cn.net,Aryaka
aads-cng.net,Aryaka
squixa.net,section.io
bisongrid.net,Bison Grid
cdn.gocache.net,GoCache
hiberniacdn.com,HiberniaCDN
cdntel.net,Telenor
raxcdn.com,Rackspace
unicorncdn.net,UnicornCDN
optimalcdn.com,Optimal CDN
kinxcdn.com,KINX CDN
kinxcdn.net,KINX CDN
stackpathdns.com,StackPath
hosting4cdn.com,Hosting4CDN
netlify.com,Netlify